And on the seventh day, God exited append mode.
No beard grows on either the evil or the lazy.
Emacs is good, but with Vim you can wash your clothes.
Plan9 - more Unix than Unix itself.
Tables almighty.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than just with a gun. -Not quite Al Capone
IDEs are the new opiatic religion for the masses.
/^[+-]?([0-9]+[.]?[0-9]*|[.][0-9]+)([eE][+-]?[0-9]+)?$/ - numbers, you have been matched!
xp for letters, dwElp for words.
:w<cr>:! chmod 700 %<cr><cr> do them permissions.
:w<cr>:!%:p<cr> IDE, what IDE?
Awk and Lua are the king and queen of scripting.
Blessed be properly used goto!
awk '1' == cat 
awk '/pattern/ {print}' == grep
awk 'BEGIN{for(i=1;i<ARGC;i++) printf(ARGV[i] " "); print}' == echo
awk '{if(NR<=n) print; else exit}' n=5 == head -n5 
Society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security deserves neither and will lose them both. -Benjamin Franklin
Ever tried, ever failed. No matter. Try again, fail again. Fail better. -Samuel Beckett
You cannot get a simple system by adding simplicity to a complex system.
True happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
"Do not throw the arrow which will return against you." -Kurdish proverb
If you chase two rabbits, you will lose them both.
"It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls." -Aristophanes
"Meditation brings wisdom; lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back." -The Buddha
"Words have the power to both destroy and heal. When words are both true and kind, they can change our world." -The Buddha
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." -Confucius
You can't direct the wind, but you can adjust your sails.
"Art for art's sake is an empty phrase. Art for the sake of truth, art for the sake of the good and the beautiful, that is the faith I am searching for." -George Sand
"To bring about the rule of righteousness in the land, so that the strong should not harm the weak." -Hammurabi's Code; Prologue
"Banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies." -Thomas Jefferson
"A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." -Antoine de Saint-Exupry
"People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public." -Adam Smith
"Deus ex machina." -Menander
"I have gained this by philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law." -Aristotle
"Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another." -Plato
"There is no wealth like knowledge, no poverty like ignorance." -Ali ibn Abi-Talib
"The whole is more than the sum of its parts." -Aristotle
"When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist." -Dom Helder Camara
"The great masses of the people... will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one." -Adolf Hitler
"If the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst at once into the sky, that would be like the splendor of the Mighty One... I am become Death, the Shatterer of Worlds." -J. Robert Oppenheimer
"I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use." -Galileo Galilei
"There is a single light of science and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere." -Isaac Asimov
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." -Arthur C. Clarke
"Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws." -Douglas Adams
"The real problem is not whether machines think, but whether men do." -B.F. Skinner
"The Earth is the cradle of the mind, but one cannot eternally live in a cradle." -Konstantin E. Tsiolkovsky
"Beep... beep... beep... beep..." -Sputnik I
"The fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses." -Carl Sagan
"We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology." -Carl Sagan
"...And this combustible mixture of ignorance and power, sooner or later, is going to blow up in our faces. Who is running the science and technology in a democracy if the people don’t know anything about it?" -Carl Sagan
"Science is much more than a body of knowledge. It is a way of thinking. This is central to its success. Science invites us to let the facts in, even when they don’t conform to our preconceptions." -Carl Sagan
"Science is a way of skeptically interrogating the universe with a fine understanding of human fallibility." -Carl Sagan
"We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it's forever."  -Carl Sagan
"We began as wanderers, and we are wanderers still. We have lingered long enough on the shores of the cosmic ocean. We are ready at last to set sail for the stars." -Carl Sagan
"If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe." -Carl Sagan
"Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another." -Carl Sagan
"The cosmos is also within us. We're made of star-stuff. We are a way for the cosmos to know itself." -Carl Sagan
"The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together." -Carl Sagan
"The sky calls to us. If we do not destroy ourselves, we will one day venture to the stars." -Carl Sagan
"Our loyalties are to the species and the planet. We speak for Earth. Our obligation to survive and flourish is owed not just to ourselves, but also to that Cosmos, ancient and vast, from which we spring." -Carl Sagan
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence." -Martin Rees
"That which can be destroyed by the truth, should be." -P.C. Hodgell
SSH, the emacs of network protocols.
Cloud stands for: I'm too stupid to know about the server client concept.
"Sound advice" is usually mostly sound with not much advice.
/usr/games/fortune: not found
A chicken is just an egg's way of making more eggs.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A witty saying means nothing.  -Voltaire
Abortion and suicide are hereditary only if you prevent them.
Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder.
Admiration is our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
After all, a murderer is only an extroverted suicide.
All you need to know is in the manual.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Purity is not part of reality.
Becoming an overnight success usually takes years.
Bourne again.
Cocaine is nature's way of saying you make too much money.
Club sandwiches, not baby seals.
Don't eat yellow snow.
Ebola bats!
E Pluribus Unix.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Dord.
Hangover is the wrath of the grapes.
I positively cried in my trousers when the judge said "Three years."
#lua :: 80% off-topic and love, 20% of silly seriousness.
Denary.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If more is better then too much is just enough.
Over play is power play.
Ignore the fatal errors.  It's O.K.
Panics, panics everywhere!
Id excrementum tauri est.
Doge is love, doge is life.
Everything is a file. Friends are files too.
Fail fast, fail often and fail hard.
A failure may seem like a dead-end, but it could be a slip-road on to the freeway of dreams.
Java is the COBOL of the 21st century.
"You can either eat a one pound steak or hundred pounds of shoe-leather; after the latter you have a greater sense of accomplishment, but maybe there's some downsides, too." -Larry Wall, on Java
Ed is the standard text editor.
"Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." -Sun Tzu, The Art of War
"Religion is the opium of the people." -Karl Marx
"Words build bridges into unexplored regions." -Adolf Hitler
"The writer is the engineer of the human soul." -Joseph Stalin
"Peace secured by slavish submission is not peace." -Kim Il-seong
"I have sworn to only live free. Even if I find bitter the taste of death, I don't want to die humiliated or deceived." -Osama Bin Laden
"Inactivity is death." -Benito Mussolini
"An action commited in anger is an action doomed to failure." -Genghis Khan
"He who stops being better stops being good." -Oliver Cromwell
"It takes less courage to criticize the decisions of others than to stand by your own." -Attila the Hun
"If we knew the meaning to everything that is happening to us, then there would be no meaning." -Idi Amin
"Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place..." -Joseph Goebbels
"I call on you not to hate, because hate does not leave space for a person to be fair and it makes you blind and closes all doors of thinking." -Saddam Hussein
"Can a nation be free if it oppresses other nations? It cannot." -Vladimir Lenin
"My honor is my loyalty." -Heinrich Himmler
"The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping them ignorant." -Maximilien Robespierre
"Get your facts first, then distort them as you please." -Mark Twain
WAR IS PEACE
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY
IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
WAR IS PEACE - FREEDOM IS SLAVERY - IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
"Do... or do not. There is no try." -Yoda
"Live slow, die eventually, leave an indifferently attractive corpse." -David Mitchell
Quick and easy to install ... All in all, Unix can support up to 12kg of laundry ... Up to 12m of drying space.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake!
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
Error, no keyboard - press F1 to continue.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I.
What is a "free" gift? Aren't all gifts free?
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps.
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
When there's a will, I want to be in it.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
WinErr: 001 Windows loaded - System in danger
WinErr: 003 Dynamic linking error - Your mistake is now in every file
go fmt or go away.
Sometimes, re-inventing the wheel helps you understand how the wheel was made in the first place.
True freedom is embracing the inevitable entropy that ends the folly of civilization.
You're a Jehova's witness? Of what is Jehova accused?
The plague has been cancelled due to illness.
If I meet the man of my dreams, I hope he doesn't know about my dreams.
